All right. And now I'm going to add an ID here, because we have to have an ID, and I'm going to call this my player ID. And that's so we can talk to it later, right? So we can talk to it later. And now what we want to do is basically we want to issue the play method. We want to do play method, so when the video loads it's going to play right away. 

And we need to set up in a script block to do that. OK. So what we're going to say is-- and this will be a little different than you see later. So I'm going to say video, JS, and then I'm going to reference my player ID. And normally what you'll see is ready, OK? And we're going to talk about the difference between ready-- normally you'll see ready like this, and then you'll have a function in here. 

But I'm going to change this a little bit, and I'll talk about why. It's really a crucial step. I'm going to use a method called on. OK? I'm going to use a method called on, and what on does is that sets an event handler, and what that means is we're going to now be listening for an event, and the event we're going to listen for is loaded metadata. Whoops. 

And if you've done much development before, you're probably thinking, well, usually we use this ready thing all the time, and I'm going to talk about why we need to do this. So then what we have is we're going to use an anonymous function, and we're ready to get started. We're ready to get started. Oops, you know what I forgot? This is a function call. Like so. 

Just giving you a sec to take that in. Then what I'm going to do is I'm going to create a variable called my player. Whoops. My player. And then I'm going to say myplayer.play does equal to this. So let's talk about what we've done here. So what we have is we're creating a variable, and so use var there, my player, and I'm assigning it this. And this means the player itself. 

And the reason this means the player itself is because of this. Videojs, you can see, is a method, and that method is contained in here. So what it's basically saying, and videojs comes from in here, it says OK, grab the object with this ID, call my player ID, and turn it into a videojs, or in this case a BrightCove video tag. And that's what that does. 

And then it said when the loaded metadata event is dispatched, this is an event driven interface, we're going to have an anonymous function, and we're going to assign my player this. And I could have said this.play, but that's just confusing and generally not done. And then we're going to play this. So I want to save this. I'm going to go over-- 