OK. Let's move on, then. Well, I have slides in here about what we're going to be doing but I think the best thing to do is I always like to use the slides for a review of what we've learned. So I'm going to go through and walk us through what we're going to do. And this will be a little review. 

And asking questions at any time is the best thing to do. All right. So I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to go to Video Cloud Studio. And I'm in the players module, I think, is the right word. I don't use the interfaces very much. I'm a code guy. So sometimes, I'll have to pause for a second to remember the names and it takes me a second to remember how to do some of these things in the UI. 

Because all the stuff you do in here, there's actually a player management API to write to. And so you can write code to create a player, all those things. So I'm going to say new player and I'm going to name this 19 November. And that just-- when it's a date, I know I can delete it if I forget to delete it at the end of the day here. I'm going to go in here. 

By the way, this is always changing. Like for instance, one of the things that's just happened recently is this advertising section got put in. And so I'm going to show you later how to use a different part to do a plug-in, to add a plug-in. And now this has been added. So you can put it in here and it's a little more declarative about what you need to do. 

So you can go in and set some things on the player. Plug-ins are something we're going to use where you can enter JavaScript, CSS in the name of the plug-in. For instance, if you want to use a playlist, here's just some information. Very limited styling. Most of that you have to do with regular CSS. 

If you want to do social sharing, if you want a custom in screen. All these things, too, you can do in code and that's honestly how I usually do them. A little more flexible. So now we have a player. So that's good. And I'm going to go to media. And I'm going to associate a video with this player called 19 November. Give it a second. So I'm just going to grab-- this one's fine. 

And there's two ways-- there are actually a number of ways to get the publish. I can click here and do the quick publish or I can actually click on the name and go to publish here. We end up in the same area. By the way, I don't know if you've been using-- this name has changed a few times. So standard is the iframe, advanced is what I call the in page embed or embed in page. 

And they just changed its name. This used to be iframe and this was in page or something. But there's reasons we'll talk about why the iframe is good to use. If you do a lot of development, sometimes the advanced is better to use. So I'm going to copy this. I'm going to go to my editor. 

And what you'll see, for every demo, there's three files. So here's you're starting file, which in this case is just blank. I'm going to paste that in there. Then there's steps you need to do to accomplish what we're trying to do there. And then I also have a solution, which is like the finished product. Right. So that's what you have here. You have a starting file, the steps to accomplish, and then here are the steps followed and this is the result. 